hello friends let's prepare bar and
awards we are going to use a palette that
have
let's see numbering
a fool
what we are going to explain
let's apply a part
m
we apply
let's put 10%
how the iprem is prepared
one by one
a liter of barry first and a liter of
converter is called converter for
that works better this converter
look at this transparent is your solvent
ready
that is the bad and prime in this new
catalyst
so
the palette because we see
it's 20 percent less we reach
see him
20 percent
exactly 20% 210
universe for aymerich
converted and this is how the
fund is not a fund is first for the
mining is fashion that you liked
friends and I invite you to share
these videos
on your social networks with your friends
so that we learn all is a hobby
what I do so that we all learn
love what it is to paint cars and everything
the process of all the things that are
they refer cars so we do it
to learn all of them gladly
we will answer your questions
and I invite you to know a little bit
more let's get in touch for the next